How about Lao Li
Is the fish hooked?
If you think about such a big fish, the fish will definitely be hooked.
Just wait for the Sun Group to die first
To be honest, I can't wait.
I want to try the fat meat of Sun's Group
But this Sun Ruoxue is really a beauty
It's all meat from the felt board, brothers
Who told him that the Sun family would protect Chen Xiaodao, this grandson?
As long as the people related to Chen Xiaodao
None of them will explode.
By the way, find a chance to call Gao Mingyu
Maybe he's a gambler strategist
And new ideas
I'll contact you first.
What are you doing, wife?
I've heard that merchants in Kimchi Country can be very cunning
This Li represents
Playing hard to get in front of us
They also don't think about thirty-six strategies
Huaxia is their ancestor
As long as you are smart, okay?
That's what I have to escort my wife, isn't it?
Don't worry, I specially added a supplementary tube.
Just in case something goes wrong with them
However, this time the cooperation funds are really large
Really should be considered carefully
What did Dongzi find?
Brother Dao, I found Zhao Liangbo
Drinking with this Li Zaixu? What?